I am back to some more Pokemon Rumble
blast now we're done with these two over
here
oh crap sticks - alright okay
the first section is going by well I
can't really say anything cuz haven't
seen the rest of the place holy oh god
what is that all man no I am I'm scared
already I'm like almost crying here what
is this place my sister will lurk at the
end of this place or something is there
something I should know is there
something you want to tell me
what what why this early no what am I
done with the place yet am i this
there's nothing to the right side of the
stage there's nothing sir Oh God
if that's the only guy here oh my god if
that's the only Pokemon here then Holmes
the goodness must know one giant boulder
cold already tell
yeah not such a good idea
what about him thankfully tell me that
no let's get old here I beat one Pokemon
before I went down yeah I'm proud of
myself actually maybe this is possible
actually yeah now I'm getting a ha ha I
lose again here we go
that's not as big as they thought
we'll never mind tagging Wow first time
the pussied out vertically crapping out
with Jerry thank you whoa I don't want
to use another Pokemon
he's gonna play you guys think I can do
it I don't think I can never mind that's
horrible that's like I don't even know
what to call that that guy got
completely smashed like I'm I'm using a
Glalie I beat the boss before I beat
anyone else that's completely
humiliating poor guy and for me look at
me
Wow so I basically beat this whole thing
with Clay Lee because the minun only
took one thing down not mine that's
uncooked you just took one thing down Oh
underestimated myself there that was
good that was good
Leigh Leigh congratulations yeah
whatever
okay hmm I see I think that now I can
you know do it faster that's what she
said uh I got some footing moves all
right make those stand out like Donnelly
that's what she said yeah whatever but
I'm playing a Pokemon game I gotta calm
myself down you know follow so that
magically just comes up you know it's a
Pokemon game of course wait wait whoa
whoa whoa so every time I beat a battle
royale that thing comes out kicks I'll
see you guys at wait never mind I'll see
you guys no one never mind okay well
there's a gold
still there and there's a table great so
you guys gonna trick me again or is that
just
let's see oh all right well I'll see you
guys on the next Pokemon Rumble blast
walkthrough up so remember to click like
subscribe and I'll see you guys next
time